Help me plan out this next task in detail. 

We have 2 dropdown menus on our banner, the "Data Manger" tools drop-down and the "Mapping" dropdown. The tools that exist in both of these dropdowns, were created and tested before we made some significant changes to this app, the main change being the elimination of the "Project+Drawing" setup, and the implementation of the "Project Only" setup. I suspect that all of these tools need to be audit, and reconfigured to work in the same way (as was intended at least) as they did before. At least these tools represent the functionality I want ultimately, even if they never were fleshed out and working totally before.

In addition to getting these tools to work within our new system, I also want to eliminate these 2 banner dropdowns by "Moving" these tools into the "Standards>Data Reference Hub" as there own tables, in a similar style and function to those existing tools in the "Data Reference Hub" 

As for the Mapping tools. I am not sure that these tools represent ALL the mapping that I want to do ultimately. I not sure WHAT mapping relationships I need, and currently, the "mapping" only functions as relationship between the 2 pieces of data, but im not "using" this for anything yet. Down the line this "mapping" will be used for "checking" for certain conditions and criteria to be met. For instance, if a Hatch, is tied to a sheet note, is tied to a material, is tied to some spec note, we can create "rules" that will take certain actions when certain criteria is met. This flexibility, of being able to "link" up multiple different Geometry elements, with other tables and data, inside a project, that will allow me to do all kinds of cool automation tasks based on current "project" conditions. So maybe this mapping need to be completely rethought in how it works. to allow me to create "mapped" groups of Geometry and also project reference data, that has been preassigned to the project. So that if a condition changes, for example: notes and labels and hatches can update automatically.