Now for another fundamental change that I want to come up with a REALLY solid plan for.
I have 3 different tools right now that I want to consolidate into only 2 tools. I’m going to start by explaining all 3 tools in detail. How they work, or are supposed to work, or used to work. And then also the things about each tool specifically that I like or that is not working. After I capture all of that I will give you my plan for consolidation. Here are the 3 tools:
Map Viewer:
The map viewer was the original tools that I created to “view” the project entities overlaid onto a map. This tool was working great before I made LOTs of changes to this App and now it is completely broken. How it used to work was almost perfect in every way, so it would be nice to get the functions back that used to work, while also reworking the tool so that it has our updated style and look. This tools had the following working functions I want to restore. The ability to Zoom to the project and show a project area boundary. The ability to search address. The ability to display DXF entities overlaid onto the map, with toggles for each entity type. The ability to switch the basemap backgrounds. The ability to Show GIS layers overlaid on the map. Measuring tools. And very importantly, the ability to select an area and export to many different file types. All these functions used to work, and the only problem I had with the Map Viewer was the way it looked and the formatting of information.
Project Info:
The Project info page is the page that is going away, as the Command Center replaces it, but there are still some elements from this page that are working here and not other places. The main thing is that the DXF element seem to be displaying on this map view, so maybe we can use this example to help fix the Map Viewer and Command Center, which are still not displaying anything. This view also has "Reference Data Mappings" and “Assign Standards” links that the Command Center should have.
Command Center:
The Command Center needs a bit of work. It seems that the zoom to project works and the Map Controls seems to be picking up our test entities. Also, the “Project List” tab has never worked. Perhaps we should consider moving everything over to central side bar and letting the map be a bit bigger with everything on the left side instead of left and right sides of the map.

Analyze my plan and see what you think? Lets brainstorm how this will work.
